pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage
description: "The most elegant tool for plotting stories that you'll ever use. Plottr makes it easy to visually plot out multiple plot lines in your story so you can go from idea to
​Chapter 1, faster and easier"
sub_description: "For Windows & Mac"
skip_boilerplate: true
header: no
image:
  title: plottr_logo.png
app_store_image: appstore.svg
iframe: <iframe width='970' height='546' src='//www.youtube.com/embed/5nkrmbTSW1A' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe>
permalink: /index.html
gallery:
    - image_url: screenshots/timeline.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/card.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/outline.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/characters.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/notes.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/places.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/color_picker.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/custom_attributes.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/tags.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/vertical.png
      caption: This is the timeline
homepage: true
---

Want to tell the world about your story? Join the [Plottr facebook page](http://facebook.com/plottrapp) and share what Plottr has helped you make.  

Check out the [FAQ]({% link pages/faq.md %}) for questions or [email me](mailto:cameronsutter0@gmail.com) for any suggestions or issues you may have

Commit message:

extra links to forums etc

pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage
description: "The most elegant tool for plotting stories that you'll ever use. Plottr makes it easy to visually plot out multiple plot lines in your story so you can go from idea to
​Chapter 1, faster and easier"
sub_description: "For Windows & Mac"
skip_boilerplate: true
header: no
image:
  title: plottr_logo.png
app_store_image: appstore.svg
iframe: <iframe width='970' height='546' src='//www.youtube.com/embed/5nkrmbTSW1A' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe>
permalink: /index.html
gallery:
    - image_url: screenshots/timeline.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/card.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/outline.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/characters.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/notes.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/places.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/color_picker.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/custom_attributes.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/tags.png
      caption: This is the timeline
    - image_url: screenshots/vertical.png
      caption: This is the timeline
homepage: true
---

Want to tell the world about your story? Join the [Plottr facebook page](http://facebook.com/plottrapp) and share what Plottr has helped you make.  

Check out the [FAQ](http://support.plottrapp.com/support/solutions) for questions or [fill this out](http://support.plottrapp.com/support/tickets/new) for any suggestions or issues you may have

Join the conversation/community about Plottr in the [forums](http://support.plottrapp.com/support/discussions)
